alternative safari man has king
today a very special mission
where in the treasure room i meet ours
rich dutch language
proverbs and expressions with
animals in the lead role are equally numerous
like the animals themselves
why do they mean they beat something
find the animals themselves also at the
horns from
inside means that they are upstairs as one
quail
means very much by being wild
this one trumpet
I'm not going to do it but I do have this one
quail bait you bought in the
quail also close store
the fact that they exist and are used
were in the hunt actually says so
enough
quails are all not or
where does it now come from quails and
koenders
loomis don't fly well and flight is there
just times if there is a fox or one
hunting dog arrives
lay flat on those around and they don't move
years away thought shoes had come from
that quail does not hear it at all
he will take a shower, but they are deaf
so certainly not a cat from the tree
watching means a wait and see attitude
but to do something for us
had to look at the economy
lose a lot of time and roam the tree
look
completely possible
and so sprinkled on donkeys that spread
not two
on the same stone it would collapse
loud and asses to none twice
same stone
and that means only a stupid one
person
make the same mistake twice, come in
conclusion and donkeys to schedule to none
play
you have to be as slow as a whole
very slow as paint and is fast
yes I can do something
propose
but how slow are they then
we have you to snail one
diet mainly falls in the garden and the
france la not everything no button what u
on a
and at three their heart rate
is found in the freezer department
support there is well there
pearls before swine
dance where the next ships
haha
this is carl our old book that sees are
that nice grill the horns and it
proverb is that old books already
even like a green leaf lust
Populists clearly like green
leaves
candy
to hit oneself is already a de
strip
at the feelers in the air
and has clearly won between
interface
and as slow as a snake means from
400 km per hour
Congrats
singeling yes I had the bell on
or the thorny issue first
must raise and nine o'clock issue
like a cat worship him for example
now as an animal lover
everyone who is in the jobs in the
the hood to make people with will too
must do that are real
mass murderers i am i had one
friend that's about 2 million cats
in Belgium and that chain in total as the
20 fine per year caught 40 million
that is why you wanted it if you adore it
be according to the cat our arrive
times to flee
knock our animals speak now sometimes
sometimes not
but that really doesn't matter because
The animals always have the last
word
and that is a truism the